Deprecate threat vault (#18722)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_Threat_Vault/ReleaseNotes/1_0_14.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Threat Vault (Deprecated)

> - Deprecated. No available replacement. New Version is planned at q4 2022.
> - Reliability of created indicators was reduced to 'D - Not usually reliable'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated. No available replacement. The Threat Prevention Public API is planned for Q4-2022.
- Reliability of created indicators was reduced to *D - Not usually reliable'* 
```

> - Reliability of created indicators was reduced to *D - Not usually reliable'* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reliability of created indicators was reduced to *D - Not usually reliable*.
```
